If you read this document you should be something familiar with the viper architecture and iOS programming in general.

#Though behind
Lets say you make a view to fill some data in. It consists of three labels and a text field. The text for the labels you know before. Two of these three labels will always be the same ( or so you think for now). First thing what do you do is go to the storyboard and write that text in the labels. But is that a good idea? Why not make a generic view with the same proporties, but the aplication decides which text to put in. If you are ever in need of a similar view you can just take this one and use it again. If you make 

#Realization
## Change the text
So how do we do that. First the view should have a way that the pressenter can modifie the values of the labels. That is relative easy. So what are the options, first the presenter has to know on which view to present. So we have to init the presenter with the view somehow. The bad way to do this is to give the presenter the view directly. That is the easy way, but then the pressenter can only work with that view. A better way is to make a [protocol](https://developer.apple.com/library/ios/documentation/Swift/Conceptual/Swift_Programming_Language/Protocols.html)  which has a method to update the view. The view inherits that protocol and fils the method. So if you ever need to change the view it has just to complete that protocol.  
##Connecting the protocol and the view
The biggest challenge for me was to think a good , but not to complex way of linking them together. The way I chose is that you mask everything in protocols. At first that sounds unnecessary, especially if you make a simple application. But it will help you later if you ever need to upgrade or change the application. If you are not already familiar with the wireframe, take a look at the projects in this folder and the VIPER document. So when you instatiate a new view in the wireframe, besides the name of the view, send the CLASS of the protocol. The class should have a static or class method in which it initializes the protocol with the view, and adds the protocol to the view as an observer. The view has an array of observers which are masked as protocols. By doing that , they do not have direct interactions between them. 
##Choosing the text
The next question is how should be the text decided. An easy, but effective way is to create an entity which has the most text as optional with default values. If you have some text which is not known before , then leave it as a non-optional. That way you have a easy way to change the text. If you need to change a label just pass that parameter of the optional field in the entity.
#Task
Make an application which has a form to fill. For example a field trip form. The view can be called "Field trip", it should have a label for the destination, the reason , and a text field to write the field report in. Let's say the destination and the reasons are know from the view before it. Keep in mind that the view is called Field trip, but you can use the view for an other purposes if you make it changeable. Another thing to keep in mind is the design.
